docs: Explain notarization, improve code-signing docs (#21373)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/code-signing.md

Code signing is a security technology that you use to certify that an app was
created by you.

On macOS the system can detect any change to the app, whether the change is
introduced accidentally or by malicious code.

On Windows the system assigns a trust level to your code signing certificate which
if you don't have, or if your trust level is low will cause security dialogs to
appear when users start using your application.  Trust level builds over time
so it's better to start code signing as early as possible.

While it is possible to distribute unsigned apps, it is not recommended. Both
Windows and macOS will, by default, prevent either the download or the

> execution of unsigned applications. In fact, starting with macOS Catalina,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execution of unsigned applications. Starting with macOS Catalina (version 10.15),
```
